Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Downtown Burbank.
Harmontown is now in session. Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden.
Alright, to my right we have Steve Libby. And the mayor of Harmontown himself, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Wow. Alright, welcome to the second episode that we've done in studio.
I love it.
Thank you Rob Schrab, our guest comptroller.
You're welcome.
So we're streaming live now is the difference between this week and last week.
So now we're actually, even though we don't feel live, we are live.
So don't launch into one of your Zionist rants, Libby, about how certain people are owed certain land.
It's only going to get us in a lot of hot water.
So tonight I want to just talk about stuff which it feels weird to talk about anything because we're in a completely different medium.
Like now you just hear your own voice and you feel like it feels more legitimate.
It feels like I'm a radio show host.
Yes.
It feels like I'm supposed to have a point of view or anything like that but I'm going to confine my points of view to myself like I'm always supposed to do.
It's a comedy podcast.
It is.
I am a comedy podcast personality.
People come here for the laughs.
The funny things, my point of view.
These are things that you've thought up and you're going to bring it to the attention of the audience.
Yeah.
So these are humorous items.
But I do think we're going to end up talking a lot about the Harvey Weinstein thing and the explosion that's resulting.
What happened?
I'll explain in a second.
All right. We should probably do some kind of title sequence for this segment, right?
Oh, the heart.
You want to skip right to that.
The headline item.
Yeah.
Okay.
Here comes Dan Harmon's Headlines.
Oh, this is the overview.
Yeah.
Well, I keep biting my own lip and not in a sexy way.
That's one of the things that.
Which part?
The inside.
Like right on the inside.
Do you get cankers?
I do now.
It's a self-created canker.
This is the headline.
Let's not let the preview text go longer than two lines.
Back it up.
That's number one.
Number two, Dick and Morty.
Oh, boy.
I saw a trailer for Rick and Morty, Port and Perity, that I haven't even stopped to examine whether my feelings are good, bad, or anything.
I'm just excited.
It's the best of both worlds.
How many?
The tangible nominal name recognition and basic physical resemblance to Rick and Morty.
And then you have real people having sex.
It's truly what some weirdo who has a weird fetish for Rick and Morty would like.
And not just, you know, in assholes interpretation of what one of those fans would like.
We're talking about this a lot longer than just a headline.
Oh, shit.
Maybe like the rule guy.
I'm sorry.
That was one item.
Right?
Yeah.
Okay.
I watched my cousin Vinny and it kind of holds up in some ways.
Good.
The Me Too Facebook thing.
That's kind of a related to the Weinstein thing.
Rose McGowan.
McGowan.
Whether we should.
Coming and going.
That was one of my, is it Gowan or Gowan?
I think it's Gowan.
Yeah, I think it's McGowan.
All right.
Rose McGowan.
Let's have a big conversation about how we are and aren't supposed to say things.
Starting with the word McGowan McGowan.
But that's all the same thing.
That, the Me Too Facebook thing and the Weinstein thing.
That's all the same topic.
What's the Me Too Facebook thing?
Yeah.
You say Me Too.
That's something Cody told me about.
But if I start talking about it.
Okay.
We're still in the title sequence.
Then I wrote down power dynamics just because, but really isn't that the same thing?
And then I wrote down the word, I wrote down the word sex worker.
Let's start with that because that just has such a quick shuffle.
Sex worker.
Let's call this segment, what did I miss?
How do you know when you're finished?
The word prostitute is problematic now, right?
Yeah.
You at home, I'm not doing a sarcastic bit where I'm like going like, you tell me exactly,
but that is what I'm doing, but I'm not doing it in parody.
I'm being sincere and wanting to talk about words that into the radar that I don't know
how much longer than the word prostitute has been.
Is it?
On the chopping block that I've been using it.
Well, it's the oldest profession.
What'd you say?
It's the oldest profession.
It's so, but there's the idea.
What's problematic?
Well, I don't know.
I don't think that's any.
I think sex worker is a more encompassing term that applies to more people, but I don't
know that prostitute is necessarily, I mean, it might be.
What's the difference?
Well, you could be, for instance, like a, I don't want to say a cam whore, but you could
be a cam model and that's not necessarily a prostitute, but it is sex work.
Is adult film acting a sex worker?
They're not offended by being lumped in with, is it that we're knocking off?
Are we merging the idea that sex work is sex work?
Because we want to not say, because it's too biblical and provincial probably to go.
Well, your sex work involves really meaning it or something like, like we've been, we've
been, it's these divisions that need to go probably as part of it.
I think it's a prostitute is a, I mean, it's only one kind of sex work.
And so if you're like, oh, you're just a prostitute and they're like, no, I'm a sex worker.
Then it's like, you're kind of putting him in a more narrow box where they meet people
and have sex with them when that might not be what's for sale.
You know, like even, like even a dominatrix might not just meet people and have sex with
them, but they're almost certainly a sex worker.
Yeah.
I had an ex-girlfriend who worked, she worked as a, she never, she never touched anybody.
She was a, she, her job was to like whip guys in a dungeon.
Something happened to my microphone or my headphones or my ego and, and that I, and
I can't hear myself.
I can hear you.
I can hear your fine.
All right.
So you can't hear your voice at all in your cans.
It's like, it's like drifting in and out now, like as if I'm subject to some kind of voice
activated network.
Maybe you're, maybe you're losing your hearing.
Great.
Now is the time to find out.
All right.
So it's like, it's, it's hard to have these conversations because I want to like, I can,
I sound like what I know the bad guy in my head sounds like when I have potentially passive
aggressive conversations, which is not what I'm trying to do about the actual, I'm fascinated
and I do welcome the evolution of language.
I see, I don't, I'm not, I'm not a person that wants to caution against the slippery slope
of modifying language, even though I was 20 years ago.
Like now I look at it differently and I'm fascinated by it.
That's why I like having these conversations with like, like, like you, it's, it's not
every day that you, someone lets you know that a word you're using is like changing
and it's like fashion, fashion ability.
Is that how this started?
You were, you were saying, well, you know, these prostitutes and some of them went.
Yeah.
I can't remember.
And I'm not going to, it's not, it's not anecdote worthy that conversation.
Okay.
Not at all.
It's more like, it's, here's what, here's what kind of interests me about it is like,
we don't have a, we don't, we don't, we, how do you tell what, there's no newsletter
and that's what the bad guys say.
Well, you told me the rules like, and it's like, no, why don't you, why don't you fucking
think, but well, when was I supposed to think about that as opposed to salt, pepper and
other words that I use completely unconsciously.
And this ties into everything that we'll be talking about that isn't funny because it's
not a comedy podcast and I'm not being funny and I don't, why did the chicken do the thing?
I don't know because he felt disempowered.
I'm going to talk about whatever I want to talk about.
I know that I keep doing this where I keep lashing out at a hypothetical audience and
saying that I hate you and you're like, we didn't hate you.
Why are you yelling at me?
But I do, I just like, if you're, right now, if you're judging me, you know who you are.
I don't, I judge you back.
I judge you harder.
I judge you first.
I don't like you.
I don't, I never liked you.
And me liking you means more than you not liking me.
You're done.
You lost.
You're at a crater.
You're not even a person.
You're a crater with shoes that just moves around wherever you stand identifies the point
where I have, I have power over you.
So stop judging me.
You've been judged.
I'm going to proceed with my podcast.
I don't know if I'm going to be funny, political, what side I'm on.
But when I'm talking and when there's diarrhea coming out of my mouth that's doing good.
And when it's doing bad, I just talk and it's become my job.
I've given it to myself as a job.
Here's how I feel tonight about the following things.
Sorry I said all that.
No.
All right.
Here we go.
So topic, topic number one or descending order.
Well, okay.
My therapist said, you know what's happening right now.
Men, women, Weinstein, whatever the language arguments, everything what's happening right
now is a revolution of consciousness versus unconsciousness.
So all of the things that you're doing and saying and being without thinking about them,
that has become the new thing that we're recognizing as problematic.
And what we're starting to put a higher value on and trying to create a society based on
are the things that we're thinking about.
Say that again.
It's consciousness versus unconsciousness.
Okay.
So we've come out of an era of celebrating unconsciousness.
Can you give me an example of the old era versus the new era?
Not like the archetype of the narcissist being like kind of a hero.
That's the old way.
Yeah.
Okay.
We're starting to, the narcissism is starting to be looked at.
It's not like anti-hero, cool, like, oh, you're another person that isn't thinking about
anybody but themselves and you're sucking your thumb and stamping your feet.
That was pretty chic three and a half fiscal quarters ago socially.
We're just, the bubble has burst on that market.
I'm putting words in my therapist's mouth because she's not thinking of things.
I'm trying to figure it out.
Okay.
So when I think narcissists, like in terms of like television and movie, I think it's
like somebody like Ted Danson in Cheers.
Is that the old way or people are starting to, people used to think like, oh, that guy's
like a scoundrel.
He's an asshole.
But now is that person a hero or is it the opposite?
I think we're starting to, we're starting to, that's gone out of fashion.
If you picked that character.
Okay.
That's Jeff Wenger from Cheers.
Right.
That's Larry David and Curb Your Enthusiasm.
Okay.
This is everybody.
Right.
Everybody is now a-
This is all the funny, this is the funny from like for a long time.
Right.
And the new hero is like say, what, is there a new example?
Like Jay Berischel?
People who know themselves, people who are, I don't, you're, I know you're not doing anything,
you're not trying to do anything to me.
No, no, I'm trying to understand.
I feel like you're tumbling me over into a whole like where I'm pitching you what's funny
and what's not funny.
No, no, no, no, no.
I just want to understand what you're, I'm a visual person.
So, you know, I just, I'm trying to follow you.
I can back off.
Back it up.
No, no, no.
Just think, or let's, let's come back, let's think about ourselves for a second.
Okay.
All right.
So, how much have you been thinking about what you actually feel like what you want to
be right and wrong and what you've stuff like for instance, you, in the time that I've
known you, you became like a animal person.
Yes.
And that graduated from your love of your dog to not that I'm tracing your, your evolution.
I'm just saying like, that's how I remember the events happening.
And then there was a certain point where you, you became vegetarian or vegan and you became
like, you know, you don't, you think that you, you, you became guided by a new principle.
You, you, you, and it was based on you deciding for yourself that you don't want regardless
of what you think is right for the world or what everyone should do.
You had to start with yourself and you had to go, I like animals.
Like I don't want to hurt them.
Yes.
And that changed about you.
Yeah.
That is, that is something that's a major change.
So what if, you know, like what if what's going on with the Weinstein thing is like a chance
for guys like me to, you know, have a similar level of inventory taking about our relationship
with women, which just equated them with food.
But it could be part of the point, but, but like, I have been, I don't know about you,
but I imagine every guy has been kind of like looking past the shoebox of what you're like,
like what is supposed to be happening.
And then you've been checking in with like some lower gut, right?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, just in terms of like in the last couple of years, like just I like Kate
has really helped me like see things that I haven't noticed before because it's been
so normalized, you know, in terms of like entertainment and TV and just how people treat each other.
And I'm blind to it because I'm the only person that I've ever been.
And, you know, I have my own problem.
So, you know, like having Kate like kind of point things out to me, it starts being more
and more aware.
And then when things like this start happening, you know, the shit that's happening with
with Rose McGowan on Twitter and, you know, everybody coming out and just it's, it is,
I do feel like, man, you know, why have I, I've been a part of the problem for my entire
life.
You've been going back through your whole life, haven't you, for the last couple of weeks?
Absolutely.
The same way when I went vegan, like, I mean, I went went that way because of absolute like
guilt.
And I've been such a like overzealous, you know, trying to find like that happy medium
where I'm, you know, trying to tell people what I'm going through and why it happened
and without, you know, putting people off, you know, which, which, you know, this is,
you know, what women, you know, you know, like, they're in that same position where
they're like, no, you got to listen to me.
This is what I'm going through.
But you don't want to be a buzzkill, a pain.
No one wants to hear anybody whine and complain about stuff like that.
Right.
Well, people don't want to feel guilty.
They don't want to feel uncomfortable and guilty.
So they avoid the conversation or they roll their eyes or they walk away.
We're all having conversations right now where we're catching ourselves and each other in
at a rate of like, way, for me, way faster, more infractions per minute too, because that's
the topic that's being talked about.
So it's kind of like, it's like, one thing I want to say to my, my brother out there
and bones is, why are you raising my niece on Facebook?
I, I, I, I've never met her.
Are you really that mad?
I talked about you.
The, the, no, my actual brother, which is the public, but the, and the male half of that
public, like, I keep thinking to myself, I keep going, like, you know what, what we're
watching play out is, is this, there's this part of it that we own, which is the, the
easy part, it's the, it's the not thinking about it part where, because don't you find
yourself every day, like, like, is that like thinking something and then because you're
old and rich and bored and tired, maybe like, let's get, let's give a break to our, our
dream to up a 20 year old brethren who, because I just remember being a piece of fucking shit
the further back you go.
So I can't judge today's 23 year old because if I was a guest on this podcast at the age
of 23, I as a 44 year old minus that awareness would, would like make a fucking huge show
of telling him what a big dumb piece of shit he was and it wouldn't help him.
It's just, you know, it's like, you know, old people telling is like, why do you got
to dress like that?
Why are you listening to that garbage music?
It's not real music or whatever.
And, you know, it's just how, because they're new to the world and they're, they're trying
out stuff.
And there aren't any classes in any of this because you can't charge money for it effectively
without becoming litigatable.
In other words, we don't have a culture.
We don't have, like, we used to, we make, we rightfully make fun of our forebears for
having these, like, these horrible classes societies that, and part of it was, okay,
here's the book on whether a woman gets into an elevator first and all of this shit.
And all of that stuff is rightfully, like, we spit on it, we wipe our asses with it.
So uncool.
The Fonz doesn't have that book.
The Fonz just does, it's all about like, that American value system of like, why would
you ever, why would you have a rule book for interacting with blah, blah, blah?
It's great that we threw that in the furnace and all that stuff.
And then now you have this thing of like, wait, you mean being 15 years old and not having
ever any conversations about what we're supposed to be doing and what's going on in any fucking
way that me, that drives all of society, like, oh, you mean I should just, I'll just figure
that shit out and part of it will be owned by my parents and that'll be owned by what
city or state they live in and that'll be whatever high school I went to, subdivisions,
what base I am, what class I am, what income bracket, what, there was a freeway within
50 yards of me or a power line, it's like, how is that shit?
So like, we done fucked up in one regard, like, we don't have training.
We're not telling kids.
We have movies and TV, that's our only training.
Sex ed classes.
But that's not interaction, you know, what we, I mean, physical interaction.
Let's just put, like, why are you arguing?
I don't know what you guys are arguing.
Right, right, no, you're policing absolute statements.
I'm expressing a point which is, we're in a mire of non-education about how to interact
with each other.
I don't, I think, I think in today in 2017, sex ed classes are maybe more robust than they've
ever been.
Okay.
But, but, so, okay.
So Spencer's argument is that today's society has gotten, so, okay.
I don't think there used to be conversations on consent back in the past.
All right.
So, so, so, right now, what you're saying is the problem has been solved.
No, I don't, I'm saying there are discussions, I mean, like in classrooms, you're saying
that there's not.
Nope.
I think there are.
Okay.
I think there's an issue.
I'm not going to be able to, yeah, a lot of, nothing I say for the next 40 to 60 minutes
is going to actually be factual.
Okay.
I'm pretending.
I'm making pretends.
The, so, we don't have, we have no sexual culture in our, in modern society.
We are, we are mystifying it.
We are telling each other in random combinations that it's, it's up to you, be yourself, like,
oh, it's nature, it's nurture, we don't, we are, we are, it is a fundamental thing about
us, the way that we interact with each other, and it is the most mystical thing.
It's the thing that we just let be adrift, because the alternative would be to have rules
for that shit, which we interpret as being like a horrible idea, because of the culture
that we've come from, where there were a lot of rules for that shit.
So what do we do?
How do we combat that without going hierarchical, without going, having the pendulum swing back?
The only answer is just communication.
It's just a, it's a, it's everybody saying, when you hear something, when you see something,
then like, we have to like, figure out how we actually feel about it, because when we
keep talking to each other about it, like, we keep, we keep doing wrong.
I think we've created like a, a culture for instance, to use the women thing that is going
on right now, a culture of silence, that we can contribute without even knowing it.
So how many times, I mean, like, we don't have to play some weird confession game, but
like, how complicit do you feel, like, when you see that stuff, you go like, yeah, you
know what, I, yeah, I, I, I, I, it gets frustrating because I look back at high school and, and
where we were, nobody sits down and tells you how to interact with people.
You know, men, women, you know, young, old, they don't sit you down and you, you're just
kind of thrown into the woods and you got to figure it out on your own.
And so you get like all these beta males who are, you know, like weaker or not as confident.
And then they, they get into these positions of power and they still don't know how to deal
with people and they don't know how to deal with women.
You also think, and I'm speaking for myself, you think as a nerd that there's like this
mythology you're following from our generation, let's be specific about that, like, and speaking
for myself.
It's like, oh yeah, like if you're a nerd, then you can compensate, you can become the
jock of having, of being a nerd with power, with money, with something to offer.
That's what happened with Weinstein, I think.
And it gets translated into sex somewhere in your workflow, unless you're blessed enough
to be, yeah, like neurologically asexual, like if you, if, if, if they, it somehow gets
tied in because there's no conversation about where I have abused my power dynamic at work.
I, I, I didn't know I was doing it when I did it.
I, I didn't, I never took notice that I never thought to myself until after the whole thing
happened and I looked back and was like, why was that such a relative disaster?
Oh, because if you have a crush on someone that works for you, you are not, it's not
the same as having a crush on someone at a library or a bar that doesn't work for you.
You fucking idiot.
Yeah.
I, but I don't, it's like, that is happening on every block in every, and then in our industry
that's like, because you, like, we're not, we're not going like, okay, I, oh shit.
Uh, I have a crush on Stacy.
Uh, I wonder, I bet, I should just see if she wants to go to that thing or whatever.
And you're not, who's going to stop and ask themself, oh, am I really giving Stacy the
opportunity to, um, not be interested in going to see a movie with me and also continuing
to know whether or not she's good at being a writer or whether, like, you don't, like,
there is no, there was no, um, but you're going on Batman, the ride sign and line that
I waited in documentation, I, I found, I, I got that into my head by doing it wrong.
I did it wrong and I'm really ashamed of it when I look back on it.
Fortunately for me, I'm not like, like, I, I, I, like, I, like, I never, it's just like,
that's part of that nerd thing.
Yeah, but I know, I never did anything and then, uh, like, but that doesn't matter.
It's like, like, the problem exists on the root level of your brain is like, what if you
could have done something?
What if you could have gotten your way?
You could have.
You only knew, you only know at the time, like, that you, what you want.
And then we're, and then you're used to thinking of yourself as an underdog and you go like,
well, I, like that in the movies and the TV shows, it's like, oh, the guy that uses everything
he's got going for him to turn things around with a special lady.
It's like, because you don't play sports.
You're not going to, you know, I'm not going to be a date rapist because I'm the underdog.
I'm the, I'm the guy.
Well, I'm never going to be wearing a polo shirt.
I'm never going to be wearing a mask.
They're never, they'll never be on my yacht.
I'll never date rape anyone.
Sure.
Yeah.
Every, when we, yeah.
So, well, I'm not, I'm not lecturing anybody watching or listening.
I'm, I'm talking to myself.
I just want, I was eager to, when we saw that Terry Crews thing on Twitter, like, I, like,
like, I fucking like, I'm in, I'm in a post Terry Crews six tweet thread Harmon Soul.
And it's not because of what it's not, it's because of what I realized about myself when
I read that thing.
Because I read through it and Terry Crews is a gigantic, physically fit, like, charming
alpha beyond alpha dude who's just saying, yeah, one time I went to a party and my drunk
boss came up to me and grabbed my nuts and there was nothing I could do about it.
And I was all bummed out and I froze.
And then I was like, what the fuck was that?
And my wife was like, don't do anything about it because if you do what, what do you gain
versus what do you lose?
Blah, blah, blah.
I'm not.
I just put words in Terry Crews' wife's mouth that I paraphrased that, but that was like
a conversation.
But that was the party.
She wasn't like Lady Macbeth of the Matrix going like, oh, what have you got to lose by
acquiescing to the nut grabbing?
No.
But his point was he froze and was like, like, and then it happened.
And then, and then he didn't talk about it, et cetera.
So his point was if I can be a victim and Matt, you know, now are you listening and
a point well taken?
But the reason why I am shattered to the core by that story is because I read it and the
entire time I'm reading it, I'm going no way or like, I want to read that differently.
That's this is the important thing is that I'm going, I'm like, I'm reading the Terry
Crews thing and I'm going no way that's and if and then realizing that why is that story?
Like is it more believable to me?
It's less believable narratively, which makes it for good storytelling.
Oh, no way.
Jack went up a beanstalk.
Wow.
No way.
Terry Crews got got sexually assaulted.
It's a simultaneous expression of disbelief and I'm, I'm all over it and I'm so invested
and I have not, I like, yeah, awesome.
Like not awesome that it happened, but like, no way are you fucking kidding me when we
express incredulity skepticism and I was like, wait, how is this different from like, I don't
know how I caught myself, but imagining that any woman, any woman, 240 pound black muscle
bound woman doesn't really matter.
Like, like, like, I don't think I just picturing just, okay, change his gender, just change
Terry Crews to a woman.
And I was like, I, I, I'm rattling with the realization that there was like a clear difference
for me that that when a woman, when I hear about a woman being like having this crazy
shit happen to her, uh, it, I have some kind of like force field that it just needs to,
there's just a little checkpoint.
That's just, there's no big deal.
I just need to see your ID before you get on the plane.
That's no big deal.
Everyone can get on a plane.
There's a fucking checkpoint there that I saw where I was like, I, I, I, it wasn't placed
there consciously.
I do not choose.
I was not choosing.
I never chose.
I never knew.
That's why I was shook to the fucking core because I was like, the fuck is your problem?
And then I started, you found it, you found it less believable or less when a woman tells
me a story when in the past, when a woman has told me a story, whether it's not one
of she's coming to me as an employer and say, whatever, when it gets official and all that
stuff, equally important conversation about what we do in the workplace, not stuff.
I'm talking about when a woman is confiding in you that some, something insane happened
to her at the hands of a predator in the moment.
Some of these, these seconds, Terry Cruz's story is three and a half seconds long, really.
Six tweets, three and a half seconds, drunk boss in the middle of everyone at the, I'm
assuming I pictured on a dance floor, it really doesn't matter, but anyways, but like, like
these stories, like I in my head, I look back over my whole life and I, it's not, it's not
as simple as I believe women less.
I think the irony is that it has something to do with this chivalry, you're in charge.
That's why they're telling you in the first place, you're, you're, you have to decide
when Terry Cruz tells me a guy grabbed his nuts at a party, I don't have to decide what
to do about it.
I don't have to, I'm not in charge of whether it's true.
So I just fucking believe it.
And my immediate reaction is, well, let's not work with that guy ever again.
And I look back through my life and I'm realizing that like women saying like, you know, that
guy on the corner, not work related, like whatever, your neighbor or this, this happened
to me or that waiter at that restaurant, we were getting scrambled eggs and then he
said this or that.
And I have the same verbal outward reaction.
So no one can police it.
I go, no way.
But I, when I read the Terry Cruz thing, I was like, I saw like, I don't care if you
call it a nanometer or a millimeter or a foot or 20 yards, a difference.
I have a different setting.
I think it's because we're supposed to be cowboys.
I said, like, like, like, we're like, okay, now Stacy, no, no, just, just give me one
second to take that in.
That's interesting that you're saying because if I go up to Arnold, the bus boy at Grand
Buffet and punch him out, like that's all the unspoken stuff is like, yeah, no one
asked you to do anything except believe them.
And that, but you're already in this like Fonzie mode of like, now hold on, are you
trying to use my Fonzie strength to, you're not going to do anything anyway.
But like, your brain is like, my brain has been wired.
What happened?
Nothing.
Oh.
All right.
Well, anyways, but I think that's an interesting point that that that when a guy says, oh,
this happened to me, you go, oh, wow, and you don't feel responsible, but like, if a
woman says something to you, you part of it, I mean, like, I used to get mad, I go, like,
now I am, you want me to beat this person up?
Yeah.
I suppose, are you sure?
Because I got, I don't want to, I don't want to get into rack with something.
I don't, I'm not good at what it just, it all becomes like, ooh, this hurts me when
a crisis happened.
Somebody else is like, look, no, just believe me and comfort me.
So yeah.
And trace it back to like Terry Cruz.
It's like, it's like, he's not asking you to do anything.
Yeah.
That's a, and then if you said that to women, then they would go, I wasn't, I wanted you
to believe me.
Yeah.
It's, it's, and I, oh, I, I, I, well, I believe is something I do before I do nothing that
thank you, that is, look, I'm not, if you're watching or listening, I'm not, I'm not preaching
to you.
You're different than me.
I think that like, like, we have to, if you're listening to me, like, like start, like, nothing
bad can happen to you.
I am not going to be taken up to an electric chair at a mountain tomorrow.
I'm not going to be exposed in a Mel Gibsonian way.
I am, I am however, confessing to you that like, like something that is fundamental to
all of this, that like the, the more innocent you are of any crime at all, the more important
it is that you have this conversation with yourself, right?
You know, this week, like, like, because I'm saying that to, and I'm saying that to you
in the same way I would say, cut out carbs or fucking like, drink less or something like
that I had discovered, like, like, I think this is the time and it is not because I know
better than you.
It is because I, like, I'm going like, shit, you guys, like, like, like, we, we, we have
the capacity to do things that we don't know we're doing and, and we, like, we are going
to benefit as brothers, we're not going to be less masculine and we're not going to be
less cool and we're not going to make less of a paycheck.
Like there will be no real world consequences, even amongst each other, if we, if we push
toward it being fashionable to not create a divider in between the conversations that
we have with ourselves, each other and, and with women.
It's been nice, like, this summer camp thing for me for a while, like, there's a lake in
between the boys camp and the girls camp and it's very fun, the idea, like, and with that
comes panty raids and, which is awful, which is terrible.
All of the shit from our 80s movies, it's all awful, it's fun for the guys, but it's
like you've just broken into our place and started going through our personal items and
taking them away from us and, and we don't, we can't do anything about it.
But here's the logic circuit that gets triggered in you when we, when we talk about this stuff,
because I know it gets triggered in me.
It's like, oh, what are you suggesting?
What are you proposing?
What are we supposed to do?
So I'm supposed to do this, but if we do that, but if everyone does this, but what about
that?
Stop.
Like it is not, there is no invitation here and no command and no lecture.
It is a tag cloud.
It is tagging something and becoming more aware of it, making it more organisable.
I myself, Dan Harmon, with no expectation of anyone else and no prediction of, of what
will happen.
And with no observation about how society works, I am saying, and I feel like from my
pull of one here with my best friend that we're all in it right now.
Like I am saying, as one of you having that conversation in his head, like, like all we
have to do first is, is, is go back over our whole fucking life and, and, and you never
have to put it in a journal.
You don't have to issue a press release.
You don't have to call anybody and say you're sorry.
You do just, but you, there will be no, you can, you can welch on this after you agree
to do it.
Just open your panel.
If you're over 30, go back, go back to like 10 or eight and just kind of just, just, you
don't, you don't have to do that.
You're not combing a beach.
You know that these fucking moments have charged to them.
Your moments with women, your relationships, the moment of your conquest, the moment of
your defeat, the moment of when you realize so and so was a bitch, the moment you realize
that you didn't want this, but you prefer that and you're kind of into that.
Any, any moments that are charged with sexuality, just pop back over to them.
They're like marked on your little sci-fi map.
They're marked with fucking, they're marked and go back to them and just, and just, and
just relive them and, and, and, and say, oh, oh man.
If I did that right now in front of me, I would say to me, okay, hey, here, listen,
that's not fair.
Yeah.
Or whatever you'd say.
Like, here's what, here's what your current me shouldn't be saying.
You piece of shit.
You fucking jerk off.
You don't know the rules.
You piece of shit.
Fuck you.
Don't, don't you know fucking chicks like it this way now?
Like that guy's not a hero.
Like I'm saying your real self that's like, ooh, fuck, I didn't know.
I didn't know.
I was, I didn't know.
I wouldn't know what I was doing.
And it's embarrassing because you look at it and you go, how could I not know?
How could you not know that that was wrong?
It's just, you know, it's, it's, it's very similar to what I went through with just
stop eating meat, you know, the click in your head of, what am I doing?
Yeah.
Even just, what am I doing?
Like, not to gain say you, like, like, like, forget about the word wrong, because then
it like creates this dichotomy of like, there's a perfect way to be.
I'm saying that that's like, it's like, what, what, with your meat eating, you're not running
around telling everybody not to eat meat, but it's hard to.
But I want to.
Well, but, but you're lived by example and you express yourself and you go like, I didn't
eat meat today, whatever the fuck.
You don't like run around and hit people on the head with a brick.
I'm just saying that's not my point at all.
I know, I know.
You can be evangelical about you're not eating meat.
It's okay.
It's fine.
Like.
Awareness, that's where I'm starting.
Yeah.
I'm embarrassed.
I'm 44.
I spent a really long time thinking about women as being a huge portion of that time has been
my feminist phase, which just means that I've recognized that there's a different protocol.
Like, but the entire time was like, there's a division.
Sometimes it's a, it's a wall over which I'm handing care packages.
Sometimes it's a wall over, you know, back in my twenties, I'm lobbying like M eighties
over it and dead frogs to get a scream.
Um, then, then it's like, I'm drilling a hole in it because I'm a hero.
This wall should come down.
I don't like, there's a wall there.
Like I, I, I, it has been there forever.
Like, and it, it's like, I'm sorry about that.
I feel remorse for that and I'm like, I'm trying to like, uh, like, like, notice when
I like, when I'm saying shit because it's the easy thing to say and when, and when,
and when, because it's the next thing that you should say and when, and when it's the
next thing that you should say in order to keep your job or make yourself more comfortable
or feel good or all this stuff, like it's, it's, it's, it's, it's time to just sort
of start thinking ergonomically about that stuff and, and, and you guys that are 25,
like, okay, Spencer and Levy are sitting here.
Let's, let's, let's, let's, okay, okay, 32 is the new 25, uh, the, the, how old are
you guys?
What are you?
28, 28.
All right.
Now, now, now tell us everything, all right.
It turns out women are people.
Yeah.
See.
No, I don't know.
I'm roadie, smug, millennial.
That was a, that was a way you wanted.
It was a simple, sucky up kind of.
I wanted you to talk for 40 minutes or like a, I mean, I guess when I have these conversations
with friends, it's always, it always comes back to just socialization and, you know,
through the, through the decades, the American way was like women's stay in the kitchen and
they raise the kids.
They're pets.
I mean, essentially, I guess, I mean, that's what it is.
Yeah.
Companion.
People.
Yeah.
And then.
But that's not how anybody in this room or anybody that we've talked to has ever, say
it's easy to go like the idea that women should stay in the kitchen.
No, no, no, no.
No, that's, that's our parents.
Right.
But like, let's take my like conservative grandmother, for instance, like, she's cool
with like everyone getting work and whatever, but what's her name, Judy, Judy, Judy, Judy
Levy, no, Levy, LeBetsky, LeBetsky.
I'm not calling her out.
I mean, she's just, she grew up in a, Oh, sorry, you probably didn't want to mention
her name.
Right.
And she grew up in a time where like, you know, there was a certain expectation and,
you know, like, I think my grandfather said this weekend, like women went to college just
to get married.
And she was like, that's not true.
I got a really great education.
It just so happens that was a place that most women met men and got married and then ultimately
didn't pursue work.
But just the idea that like my grandfather in his head is like, yeah, well, women just,
that's the only reason they were going to college.
I don't know.
It's just, I feel like those conversations, I like those are then, then we're in this
ditch of like unsolvability and all this stuff.
No, I think what you're saying, I mean, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not pooping on what you're
expressing.
I'm like, I'm yes, and again, going again, yeah, this is the thing that like distracts
us is the, is the conversations about how society works like in a nuts and bolts way.
Like how far are you into a conversation about being conscious of other people before it
immediately gets like, it's like two, two sentences before you're talking about who
opens the car door and who pays for the, for dinner and minimum wage and, and all the stuff
which actually like ties everything in a giant knot and you can't move forward.
But it's, it's all about progress.
And I think that this particular type of conversation changes, it changes that conversation.
And, and like, you know, this is such a trying time that I think that it's hurting certain
areas.
And I think that, you know, hopefully this, we move forward and it's, and, and things
start to get better.
Like uncomfortable people avoid it and they go, I don't want to hear it.
It's fine.
The way it is.
It's because nobody wants to be wrong.
Yeah.
I'm wrong about everything.
I've been wrong about everything my whole life.
Oh God.
Oh God, you're wrong.
Did you hear, did you hear what he said?
He said he was wrong.
You're wrong.
You got this wrong.
You use the wrong word.
You use the wrong thing.
And like that's the other thing that we're like sick of hearing about how we forgot the
rust belt.
And that's like, now we have a Nazi in the White House because apparently some fucking redneck
somewhere got tired of being ignored.
Everything we do is wrong.
We're wrong if we're being right too much, we're wrong.
But like, we're all, yeah, I just like fucking like, I'm 44 and I'm like, I'm wrong about
everything.
I'm always wrong.
And it's like, like, isn't that a good, like if you woke up and said, like, I'm wrong.
I'm going to be wrong today.
I'm still, I was wrong yesterday.
I'm going to be wrong more today.
And like, like, and I, why is it that when a woman comes into my wrongness and says,
like, maybe this, and that's like, I have an increased tendency to go like, well, I don't
know about that, but I'm just saying I'm wrong.
Like I have fucking issues and I have like, like shit that I need to like, like grease
and loosen and pull apart.
Do you want to ask a woman?
Ask a woman.
I don't want to ask a woman anything.
No, I think that there's like, you know, the hippie counterculture introduced this concept
where like, no one that anyone says is true and anyone that anyone tells you is the establishment
trying to force a new hegemony on you.
And that opened the door for basically saying that anything that science, anything that anyone
has told you as fact is biased and is trying to sell you something, which kind of open
up the door for what we understand to be hippie stuff, you know, yoga, meditation, crystals,
sex cults, like all this stuff kind of grew out of alternative, non scientific ways of
trying to understand the world, and it kind of gained steam and power and became this
countercultural thing and that grew into like, there's bodies of facts to support any position
and there's a book on this and a book on ghosts and then it kind of gives the idea that completely
non scientific kind of non intellectual things can have the auspices of intellectuality and
kind of the responsible credibility of something that's real.
And that kind of created a world where people can feel comfortable just being right all
the time and creating new systems that create ways for that they're right.
And so everyone's kind of ensconced themselves in these silos of thinking that have kind
of just existed concurrently and not ever butted into each other.
And that the feel, well, because the feeling of being wrong means that you can't charge
for charge anyone money to be wrong, right?
You can charge somebody money to be right.
And I think it's American to you.
You go like it's like there's no reward for saying, I don't know.
I don't know.
I think I got that wrong.
Yeah.
I think in like the Middle East, people will get a lot more mad and get into arguments
and in other countries, people will be more comfortable with stuff like that.
But I think specifically in America, we have this discomfort with with really budding up
against people and having these outward political debates, I mean, until very recently because
it's kind of exploded.
Yeah.
And that's what feels like it's like there's always like, yeah, man, like it's my nightmare
to be stupid and to be wrong and to be talking out of my ass and all this stuff.
Like I want to go back and I want to start this podcast over again.
I was a fucking babbling idiot.
You don't want to have listened to it.
I'll try better next week, but like if I'm already wrong, I'm wrong.
So then what do you do?
Like you like, so my therapist is saying like, it's time.
Did I explain this?
I'm not making any sense like where it's like, here's how I perceive the world working when
a human being like walks around and okay, so I'm going to walk.
I'm going to see a, all right.
So say something to me.
Hi there, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
So I just heard the words.
Hi there, sir.
How are you doing?
There's a guy in the sidewalk.
That those facts went into my head and now I envision them as going down a pipe through
my face, down my neck, and then at my chest level, above my solar plexus, but right at
the top, right between my neck and like right between my nipples, there's a box.
It's a square box that all the information from my ears and eyes goes into.
This is the first stop that it goes into.
And it's like, it's, I don't, I'm scared to call it society or, it's just like, it's
Freudian terms.
I think maybe it's experience, the supernatural, let's just call it nurture versus nature,
but that's distracting too, but it's like.
It's a construct.
Yeah, it's norms, norms, socialization.
It's stored processing, a programming that you have assembled because there probably
is on some psychological level, the equivalent of a metabolism and it probably saves time
to not have to think about a bunch of shit implicit bias to not have to learn to tie
your shoes every morning to not have to wonder what a wood is and realize that it used to
be trees, but so you can continue making your deck.
You have to go.
I guess I'm making it now.
That sounds like amnesia, but anyways, it's the shit that you've, you've, you've accepted
as fact.
Right.
Um, and like, we are so advanced now that that information, if you're living in a city
and someone comes up to you and says what Rob just said, hello, uh, it goes into a box
and like, of course there's a hello back, like that's like the first thing in there.
There's, there's a million things based on whatever you're perceiving.
Most importantly, it never, I feel like I have arranged in my body, that box is above
another optional box, which has to do with me, like learning shit, where I am like vulnerable,
where I am wondering what's going on the baby, the guy that's like, well, I don't know.
So let's find out what the fuck is that?
What's going on?
And we have like, I, I, I am using my I statements, uh, like I have such a hard time getting to
that person.
Like, like the shoebox of, of fucking options up here is so like, there's getting to the
person that said, Hey, how are you doing today?
It could be a headline, it could be a headline about a 78 people getting shot in a mass shooting.
It could be a, um, my friend saying, um, I've just turned vegan and I don't want to eat
meat anymore.
Yeah, it's, it's cruel.
It could be someone saying, I'm Muslim.
It could be someone saying, uh, your friend Glenn just sexually harassed me at the carnival
last night and you're still friends with him and it hurts my feelings.
It could be, um, did you watch big bang theory?
It could be, um, uh, here's how you install a backsplash for your sink.
Any information that comes into you, like everything, all of your experience, I'm just
saying, I, I, I like, I think there are two boxes.
I think I'm an unconscious person.
Well, I think that that second box is like, maybe like core values and beliefs and stuff
that kind of form, I don't know, like our religiosity, our, uh, you know, uh, attitudes
towards authority and like that really forms our core identity, but that is definitely
part of knowing traffic laws and piracy laws and stuff.
And it's like, it is, that stuff is important, but that stuff isn't who we truly are.
So like, I definitely think there are these two, two kinds of things that we, and one
of them is mostly unconscious.
I think we had that one neuro Scientologist lady on and she was talking about implicit
bias, but I think that that like bias comes a lot from these, these core values that just
form our base identity and our kind of like world or like, like perspective, just when
we are growing up, you know, our privilege and stuff.
Like that's all just formed from these core truths that we understand that come from privilege
because the core truths of like a white male are going to be way different than the core
truths from like a black, you know, girl growing up in a, in a neighborhood with, you
know, police presence all the time.
So it just kind of, it kind of, but there, you can change them.
I think it's just a lot harder because they are these core values that we recognize are
important to our sense of identity.
And I think we're in a world that like figuring out our identity and what side we're on and
whether we're cool with that or whatever is becoming something that maybe media or culture
is kind of hyper, uh, hyper rising, like kind of whipping into a froth weaponizing probably
for marketing purposes, but it's like becoming more of a thing where you have to pick a site.
Whereas I don't think you, you used to, you used to be able to like, Oh, well, how about
that?
Did you hear about that?
Wow.
You know, and now it's like, I'm okay with that.
I'm not going to be okay with that.
Should I be okay with that?
I think I'm okay with that unless someone has any reason why I shouldn't be.
And I don't know.
I think it just is like, we're more primed to either accept or reject things.
I think, I think, but the thing, the thing that I think is real interesting about this
conversation is like traditionally, uh, you know, the older you get, the more you get
set in your ways and you know, there's a hundred standup references to like the, the
four words that you get from your, your uncle or, or, or your, your parents saying all this
racist stuff or what a class of stuff.
Like it's just because that's how they were raised and they're not learning, but what
you're going through Dan and what, what I'm going through and what it seems like the world
our generation is going through is we're kind of looking to back and going, we were wrong
back.
I know you don't want to say wrong with the C on the way I can explain it, but I was like,
I look back and I go, yeah, there was a time where I was like, no, women are the enemy
and they deserve it.
And I'm going to be on the guy side because women judge me and say yes or no to me and
anybody in a position of power is got to be evil.
So they deserve whatever and I've thought that way most of my life because I'm the,
I'm the underdog.
I don't deserve this and why can't it be easier for me?
And that's my fault and it's shitty.
And I, and I, yeah, because how many ways did you fucking bother to second guess the
system?
Yeah.
You know, when they told you not to cut school, when they told you not to be as into Jackie
Chan bootleg videos, when they told you Dungeons and Dragons wasn't cool, when they,
you know, it's like, we're so fucking late.
It's like you pick and choose which, which area of being a hero, which feels right.
And sometimes when it feels right, it's just avoiding the truth.
But the other side of that is like, as soon as I start saying that, I know cause it's
like, then you start going, what, wait, what are you saying?
Like who do you don't owe anybody anything?
You don't, you don't, no one's going to take your pants.
You know, they're not going to lose any trail mix.
There's not going to be any less teeth under your pillow tomorrow.
I, that's where I, that's how we're used to processing things.
Like someone's coming for my fucking shit.
So if you, if you let that guy spit on you at recess tomorrow, um, you know, he, and
you don't do something about it, like he's going to spit on you twice as much as he spits
on, uh, Toby Richards, because Toby Richards, you know what he did, he fucking kicked him
in the nuts.
He still got his ass kicked, but he didn't get spit on it anymore.
And like logic, logic, logic, logic, logic, slippery slope, hierarchy, logic, logic, logic.
Uh, Dan, when did your podcast stop being funny?
When your mama fucking slurped on my giant knob, uh, I, I, I already warned you about
this.
Okay.
I just want to address that one more time.
Voice in my head.
I'm just saying, I understand.
I, I, I spent the weekend inadvertently going through YouTube clips of like when my podcast
is really funny.
A lot of times Rob's on when that's happening.
That's true.
Um, so I thought I'd invite him back tonight.
Boy, I'm really, really doing that.
I don't, I don't, I don't, all I can tell you is like, like, like, I'll be, the funny,
the funny is happening.
It doesn't have to be funny when I'm, when I'm not losing my mind and we're not losing
our mind when, when there's not shit going on, it's just like, you know, we just mark
these occasions.
You, you click on this one.
You go, oh, that must have been when, uh, the Ros, Ros McGowan was doing that thing
on the, on the Twitter.
Um, but anyways, I do remember when those aliens were found at Ros McGowan.
I want to, I want, I can't, I want to say one thing about, about, about Rose, aka Joan
of Arc right now, because there's this awesome thing happening, which, uh, like Twitter was
used to get a, a president elected in a way that really bummed us out because leading
up to that, the accepted thing was that Twitter couldn't accomplish anything real.
That was worth any change.
And for it to get like hacked, whether you use that term like literally or not, but like
for it to be, I, it's unfairly or not for it to be used as a real world tool to just
affect real change for the bad guys was like really demoralizing, especially for people
like me who grew up on the internet.
We thought we created as a place to hide from really awful people, asterisk per our other
conversation, we're finding out that that entire time we were also awful people because
we fantasized about being Han Solo who was a piece of shit to live in.
All right.
But the, but then this is why even though it's like a kind of like nice book end to
this thing, because now we're, this is the, this is the second time since the election
of that parasite that what's happening on Twitter, as soon as I mentioned it to my therapist,
she knows what I'm talking about and shit's happening.
There's a court of public opinion that got leveraged on Twitter that was used to create
real world results that like heads rolled down the physical street with the potatoes.
It wasn't like cancel Colbert, nothing happens because first of all, what are you doing second
of all, blah, blah, blah.
The world just continuing to like circulate while Twitter acts like there's something
that can be done.
It was like, this feels like exhilarating, but the funny thing about it is that it feels
exhilarating in a way that feels like the fire is outside my front porch.
Did, did, did she get, was there a Twitter account?
Like, is it like she got suspended because she, but is it back?
I mean, I, I assume, I assume it's back.
Yeah.
I haven't read it.
The last thing I heard while this is actually why I wanted to bring it up.
It's an anecdotal thing that made me want to just say one thing as long as I'm not being
funny, like to the extreme, like there was a recent thing that just happened that I was
hearing about like the, while getting ready to take my girlfriend's day at the dinner,
which was like, uh, um, she said something that it crossed a racial line and she was
trying to reach for an allegory to help whatever.
And then there was flash, blowback flashback, the whiteback, black, black, like black flashback
of the, of the clack, like, like, like it exploded and it got all fucked up.
And I, and I, like halfway through hearing about it, I just wanted to like, like, I was
like, are we, are we like, isn't this what we've been doing for like 15 years?
Like, like we keep on like, like a cool shit starts happening.
And then like the bad guys don't, they don't have this, they don't have this obstacle in
their path where everything, like, like, where, like we, we hold, we hold our, our, our people
who are, who are helping us, like, and making us have conversations, like we hold them to
the, to the standard of, as if they're supposed to like, be some kind of like historical figure
that gets everything right or, and then to the extent that any, our standard for ignoring
leaders has become, oh, did we then find out they're not perfect?
Meanwhile, the bad guys, they, they're just beating us because they don't have that standard.
They don't care.
You can be a Republican that does not believe at all in Mexicans being rapists and just wants
to gain financially and you can, you can belong to a party where you go like, yeah, but I
don't, I don't, I don't care that he said that.
Who gives a shit?
I want my money and I'm going to get my money by pretending I don't give a shit what he
says.
And the good guys are like, fuckin' A, yes, down with the patriarchy, like, let's do this
one thing and then, and then we, we have that hero worship thing.
It's like, can't you just, can't you, can't you give a woman that stands up for a second
of fuckin' break?
I, I, like, like, they're not-
It happens so quickly, too.
It's always, it's gonna happen.
It's always gonna happen quickly.
It's like, like, there's always gonna be Tinder and fuckin' like, not the app, the actual
thing that we use to start fires.
There's always gonna be a, there's always gonna be, it's, she wasn't running for senator.
Like, like, like, Emily Gordon, like, retweeted a link to a thing and I don't know who wrote
it.
I only, like, I, like, it was years ago and the, the article's headline was, admit it,
your fave is problematic, which, and I was like, what is that, gibberish?
I read the articles, like, saying, if you keep holding your, the people you admire to,
to, to, to a standard of political, minute to minute, like, perfection, like, then you're,
you're fucking them.
I mean, it's, it's, the, the FBI monitored Martin Luther King to make sure, this is like,
they were like, oh man, the minute that guy gets a blow job, then, like, then we don't
have to care about black people anymore.
Is that fair?
That's what we're doing to each other now, when we, when we, when we, we just, we just
have to like, can we loosen the fucking, why am I, why am I calling to action?
There's nothing that a biomass can do.
That's just a sad, side effect of oppression, too.
It's like, that's what the system does, is it pits the, the, the small dogs against each
other and, and tells them that, that's what they should be doing.
Otherwise, they don't have the moral authority to overthrow real oppressors, killing people
and robbing families, you know?
I mean, I'm not saying that you're wrong to bring it up.
It's just like, that is a, that's a part of the system and it's fucked.
But like, but there's a double standard here, too, right?
If you, if you were to draw a gender line, only because one gender has privilege, I love
it.
I sound like a college student that in 1992, that, that, that, that, um, women, uh, uniting
without doing it in a cigar smoke filled room, um, because why would it happen there?
How would it happen there?
Uh, if you're in a handmade's tale, where are you going to meet, except the produce
aisle?
You ain't got no fucking freemason lodge that the what, what, what, uh, uh, unprivileged
movements have the total disadvantage of being open source, right?
And trolls and hecklers and people that just like peer in, if it's a, if it's a movement
worth its salt, if it's good, honest people that are like, well, we don't have anything
to hide.
So we're not going to meet in a fucking catacomb and plot the destruction of something that
should get me in the electric chair.
I'm like, this is a movement that's going to catch fire among the people.
And it's like, but we live in this flame retardant universe.
It's so unfair.
You go like, Oh, women are, Oh, look, the women are saying they're hashtagging this
or that.
And then it's like, Oh, well, that, that should put a pretty high premium on dividing them
amongst each other.
And, uh, and that'll go to shit pretty quick.
And then we can start laughing.
I got like, geez, I wonder how come you guys don't have rights?
Yeah, sure.
Can't get along with each other.
Meanwhile, I'm not off to my men's meeting.
Like I don't like men and I can say that nothing will happen to me.
Men, men are dumb.
Uh-oh.
Hey, you know what?
I don't like that kind of man that's like, when he's that, that, that's like all about
selling himself sexually.
I think, I think, I think that person should be ashamed of himself.
Like I'm not going to suffer any fucking blowback for that.
There's no among in some men's like, and it's because like, we don't care.
That's also not fair.
So when, if, if, if someone awesome, like Rose McGowan, like he's, he's like, I don't
know how to say the word baggle, like, what are you fucking McGowan Rose McGowan,
Gowan.
Uh, if she's going, if the thing that's like catching fire is that she's fucking taken
no guff, you know, like, yeah, like, like, like, you see all the, the, our old timers
like are piping up and they're going like, uh, it's, it's funny because they think you
go like, oh, I'm 20 years out from being that tone deaf.
There you go, all of a stone here.
Um, now listen, ladies, if something should offend your sensibility, it's simply give
it time.
There's a due process for this.
Woody Allen shows to, to chime in, he goes, uh, this is, this is probably the best time
people want to hear what I think it would be.
It would be a shame.
Yes.
Like, you would think he would know the room better than anybody, but he like, what if
somebody like said, Hey, uh, Mr. Allen, uh, it looks like you're enjoying your coffee.
What do you think about all this crazy stuff?
No comment.
Leave me alone.
I'm old and it's, it's done.
That's the other thing.
That's the difference with the Woody Allen thing is I feel like I, that's, that is totally
possible that somebody literally like, like just said that much and that he and that like
his quote, the one that I heard, which was like, I hope it doesn't turn into a witch hunt.
If you plaster it on the, on Times Square and a scroll and it feels like he issued a
press release, like there's like an Allen Greenspan hoping we don't over invest.
Um, it's like, like, like, or is it, it could also be him getting into a cab and going,
I don't want to, I, I, I, I hope it doesn't, that could be an almost honest thing for him
to say.
Well, the last thing I need is for that to get, you know, become a trend again.
Oh boy.
Hey, I don't, it, this is the things you don't, you don't know the context.
All I know is that he, it didn't sound like something he was saying on the way to the
car.
Like I don't want, it didn't, it didn't sound like I don't really want to talk about this.
I know you want to comment from me, uh, you know, uh, I mean he could have easily said
it's awful.
I wish it didn't happen and then go away, but, but, but, but he, he, he opened his mouth
and put both of his feet in and, uh, it just was like, you read it and you go, what did
you think was good?
You are, whether you think you did it or didn't do what you did, you know what people
will, the public probably thinks about you right now.
So, but, but, but, but, uh, I, we don't, yeah, I, I just don't click on that note.
The context wasn't here.
This is all circling back to like what, and then so Rose, let's just get on a first name
basis with her.
So I stopped saying her last name, um, well, she's like, whatever, like, like really every
fucking tweet has to be on fucking point and, and, and I like, we're going to win that game
if we play the game of, does everybody have to say everything right?
And that's exact, I know how confusing that can be for people because we're talking about
like fucking like, don't take this shit anymore.
Don't take anybody's bit.
They're going to cloak it in language.
They're going to say, they're going to say that's the way things work and all this stuff
and like, so yeah, you know what?
I'm hearing myself say it out loud and I'm like, pure wetting back to like, what the
fuck am I, why is this my impulse to explain, let me, let me take another run at that and
do it the way that's healthy.
When I heard that Rose McGowan was catching shit, um, because she made it or didn't like
put her toe over a foul line on the, on whatever bowling lane you perceive, like it, it bummed
me out because I, it makes me feel like we will never gain traction organically, that
we will create a world in which the only way to, um, uh, change things and, and, and, and
accumulate power is to do so artificially and therefore reduce the risk of infraction along
the way.
I.
What do you think, do you think with, with, with something like when, when Rose starts
saying something and yes, she's abrasive, but she's angry and she wants to be listened
to.
So of course she's going to be passionate about the stuff that happened to her and, and
so whatever.
And then Twitter locks her down.
I mean, doesn't that seem like that's a fear based thing?
Like no, we got to, it's like if somebody, if a prisoner is running for the wall, you
know, every, every guard is going to start shooting at it because we can't let that one
prisoner get over the fence.
Yeah.
But if every, but all these other prisoners, if they're just like, they're not going to
be, they're just, if you just stay inside the prison and don't run for the wall.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, yeah.
Yeah.
No, I, I think I know what I'm saying, which is, which is, yeah, but I'm saying, I'm saying
like it is, is like because we're pushing this stuff down or I don't know, I guess when
I say we, when, when the world is like pushing this stuff down, it's like, no, we don't want
to change.
We don't want to be told we're wrong.
You're wrong.
And yes, do, do I think that it is harder for revolutionaries to say anything that affects
people?
Yes.
Like it's like so parabolically stacked against people.
And so then do I, but that's that, but it's, but it's a sign of like the status quo is
afraid of this happening that that that's good because changes is happening.
The oil that drives the engine of change is the blood of martyrs because, but just to
go back to my point that I was making before is like the generation, our parents have never
been more, at least from my point of view, have never been more doubled down and dug
into.
No, no, no.
They didn't do anything worse than Clinton and I love our president and he's into Jesus
Christ and, and I just ignore all these horrible things that he does because he's better than
Hillary, the murderer, Hillary, who Pete's a gate, Hillary, she's better than that.
And we're all going to be rich someday, just like him.
And he's one of us.
So I'm going to ignore all that.
Like you and I, like right now, like at our age, I mean, we're, we're going through like
changes.
We're becoming that.
I'm not saying, I'm not saying that we're better than anybody, but I think the one good
thing about like the social media stuff, for me, just in terms of like what's happening
now and my, how I feel about like eating meat and, and, and not an animal rights and things
like that and just people rights and, and just being good.
And it, it, I think that that's the one thing that I think is good is that like at our age
when we should be digging in and saying, no, I wasn't wrong, we're, we're still changing
and evolving.
So I'm trying to put a positive spin on this.
No, that's a good.
Yeah.
That's, that's, that's better than nothing.
I also though, yeah, I want, but yeah, I think you feel more helpless because how do
you change the world?
But I also want to acknowledge that like your, your, your parents and my parents like, like,
like when I was, I was, I was out of the image in my head when you were talking about that
and talking about like, when we talk to our parents and like, how they talk about like,
well, you know, when you, you, you get a sense of where they're at politically, which my
mom's fucking, well, she probably wouldn't want me to expose her, but she's a, my mom's
on a fucking point.
My mom's, my mom is like, like crazy, like, like she's like, she's, she's, she's down
to clown on the, on the left.
But I think she's kind of like, I don't want to, I don't want to dox her politically.
I don't, I don't, I don't know what's going on in her house.
I don't know if her and my dad are fighting or what's going on.
I don't want to, I don't want to, I've, I've, I've ruined my family with my mouth.
I don't, I want to let them have their lives, but, but talking about our parents is important
because you, you, you, I picture like these, like, um, like, uh, these, like, Brick Brack's
like, like, I picture your mom talking about politics and your dad is like, they're like
in this like Midwestern house and there's like little porcelain birds and there's these
things that you grew up around where they're like, who buys a porcelain bird?
And, and the answer is someone who's got their shit together.
But the whole time now that you and I are their age when they were talking to us, I'll, I'll
speak for myself and say like, now I have a house and even though it doesn't have little
porcelain birds in it, there's some equivalent of it that's like a connection that I have
to like, oh, this could all go away.
Yeah.
And I think that it's hard for us to understand when we think about our parents in the Midwest
and their little tract houses with their porcelain birds and their, and their queez and arts
and their, and everything's working great and then when they talk about it needs to
be like this or it doesn't need to be like that, like part of, part of how it's easy
to clown them is because it seems so clear looking at them that they have nothing to
worry about.
Yeah.
And then it's like, well, what, what kind of, what, what kind of a build the wall?
QEP Newton, like, world do you live in?
Build that wall.
So those Mexicans don't get into Wisconsin.
Yeah.
And what?
And so that you don't affect your plans to watch CSI Miami tomorrow night or whatever
like we laugh at them because we go, yeah, but you're not in the real world because we're
young city kids.
But we're young city kids who are now turning 45 and we're, I own my own home.
And for me, I'm like, like I now I have conversations with Duncan Trussell.
He comes back from Burning Man and he starts laying into me with the like, man, you gotta
just let it go, baby.
And I'm like, I do like five years ago, I'd be like, yeah, you got to let it go.
Let's do, do you want to do acid next Wednesday or do you want to like, let's talk like, oh,
Obama's president.
So let's talk about how properties theft and I'll fucking, I'll blow your mind more
than you could blow mine.
But now for real, like it's like, oh, I, I, I have a job and I have a five bedroom house
and he comes on, I go on his podcast and he's like, yeah, but why don't you just let some
people hang out here, man?
And I'm like, I totally should, but seriously, I can't do that.
Yeah.
And then I had a whole conversation with him where I was like, that's, I'm my parents.
He's here worried.
I just because I don't have a porcelain bird, I mean, like they're worried.
People are worried about being taken advantage of, you know, like just being, I just got
here.
It's like the Judge Reinhold Fast Times Regiment High thing, but that's, that's the thing.
Like whenever anybody calls you privileged or it's a scene in Fast Times, I'm hanging
on by a thread guidance counselor does this monologue to Judge Reinhold who's still dressed
in his fucking pirate fast food outfit.
She says, sorry, but it's time to enroll in a college.
Like, like, I don't know where you've been, but the party's over.
And he's like, you've just watched him the whole movie, like just delivered fast food.
And he's like, I don't know, he does some mini monologue back that's like, fuck you that
winded the party starter, whatever.
That is how somebody that you wouldn't believe you're like you with your porcelain birds.
Why are you talking about liberty?
Why are you talking about anything?
Yeah.
Why are you in this conversation?
You're just patriotic about porcelain birds, like they're cheap.
You get them at home depot.
You already own them.
You're not buying anything.
You're watching a fucking television with America playing across it.
You're almost dead.
You saved for your medical bills.
Now they're going to shoot them into you, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Like we look at, I look at older people and I judge them like, like, like, why are they,
why do they have so much control over what's going on?
I get the feeling lately, like 25 year olds see me that way, that they think that they're
looking at what I have as more permanent than I am looking at it.
I feel like I am five minutes from, depending on which way the wind blows, one committee
or another dressed in one color jumpsuit or another coming up to my door and saying,
like, you didn't earn this house, you don't get to have this.
This is, we're changing the name of this state where you, you, you, you, we, we just found
your name on a, on a Google list that like, oh, we didn't know you were into feet.
Like that's, that's, that's a sign of, of ISIS now, whether it was right wing, left
wing, west wing or, or young Sheldon, whatever hit show, I live constantly going like they're
going to come get me.
Yeah, I think, I feel that way.
And so what if our parents feel that way?
I'm sure they do feel that way.
I mean, that's because that's, you know, every email from my relatives for like, look at
what, look at what the, when Obama was president, you know, look what they're, look what these
people are doing, you know, we're going to have to work hard and we're going to have
to pay for some lazy, poor person, uh, their medical bills.
Why should we do that?
You know, and it's, they're worried that they're going to be taken advantage of, I,
you know, or their stuff being taken away, their, their birds are going to be taken away.
Nobody wants your fucking birds.
It's just, it's crazy because my parents and my family are so religious.
They go to church like three times a week and it's one book, you know, what, haven't
you read it already?
What else are you going to find out new about the Bible?
You know, somebody, oh, they just found some new discoveries, found a couple of new pages
here.
It looks like carrots are, are not as holy as we thought they were.
That is fucking insane.
I mean, it's one fucking book.
Now that we know there are people who have done a podcast where it's like 200 episodes
of a podcast where their gimmick was they're going to watch grownups to every, we've demystified
the idea of going through Star Wars one minute at a time.
The entire like trilogy and, and all of the trilogies and there's people still going to
church every week going, it's just such a big book and it's so complicated.
Like I wonder what part we'll talk about this time.
Do you want to, do you want to, you know what, there's, there's, there's, there's, right,
right.
I was, I've spent the last 10 years like, oh, don't my colleagues all are like, I, I'm
Joseph Campbell.
So I'll stick up for Christianity, but like I'm saying, yeah, the American like Midwestern
church, like culture where it's like, this is fucking ridiculous.
We were pretending that we haven't had the chance to look through that book from cover
to cover.
Yeah.
I mean, come on.
Some parts are boring.
It's the Old Testament does a lot of begets.
Like I've tried going through this thing.
It's okay to say it's a boring book.
It's also, you haven't read the whole thing.
Yeah.
I mean, it's crazy that they, they, it's a book that you haven't read.
That has huge boring parts that you could read and like not understand.
And then, and then you go to a building and the guy says, today we're going to talk about
what this thing, this doesn't make any sense at all.
If you just read the words, if you read the words is beget and vow and above, above, above.
Nobody talks like that and nobody, you know, nobody lives to be 500 and the cool ones are
the ones that go like, so here's what Jesus is saying just cause it doesn't make any sense
when we read it.
It's like an English teacher taking you through Macbeth.
Macbeth is saying, hey, be cool.
You know, like, and then we're all like, whoa, wow, thanks for teaching us.
You do that for four years and you do that for four years in, in high school and then
you're done with it and then maybe you'll see the movie, but these people go every fucking
week and really like, should he say like, okay, listen, don't be a dick to each other.
Class dismissed.
Okay, we're going to take the rest of the summer off.
Don't be an asshole to each other.
Well in my doubt, here's the, here's the threat and that's why like, yeah, I, we saw Jesus
Christ Superstar like, like when we were like in our twenties and like, I got really into
it.
I was like, oh shit, man.
This is a great musical.
Like I love these songs.
Yeah.
And then because the song sounded so good, I like, I started watching more discovery
channel shows about Jesus and reading the stuff that Campbell said about Jesus and like,
I still haven't really gotten cover to cover it through the New Testament, but I feel like
I know Jesus a little bit better than a lot of people that get paid a lot of money to
say they know Jesus.
Yeah.
And that's the reason why I think because it's not a complicated myth.
No.
It's, it's very nuanced.
There's a lot of room for exploration and constant talk about it, but it is pretty much
diehard except, uh, instead of being afraid to fly, he's sort of afraid to die, um, and
the Nakatomi Plaza is, uh, is, uh, the Sermon on the Mount.
Sure.
Right?
I don't know.
I don't know the Bible or Bible.
Wait, didn't you go through a biblical, weren't you raised?
No, I know the Bible.
Yeah.
No, I was what Rob was saying really quick that I think for the same reason as you is
because I do encounter a lot of Christians and it's like, wait, don't I know more about
the Bible than you and shouldn't I not know more about the Bible than you?
Because there's a block.
Yeah.
Because they're not actually studying.
They're just studying it.
They're, they're told if you go to church every, every Sunday and keep saying, I believe
in Jesus.
I believe in Jesus.
When you die, you get to have ice cream forever and your favorite television show will play
on a loop and you'll see all of your old pets and your family and you'll be able to
hang out with Lincoln in heaven and stuff like that.
But keep in mind, there's a Muslim version of all this stuff that you'll be laughing
at when someone tells you they read on a bubblegum wrapper that that's what they believe.
And that's why the minute, the minute, you know, the minute you, you say like, well,
why don't you, why don't you help the poor?
I mean, because I mean, isn't, didn't God or Jesus say do unto others as you would do
unto yourself?
Wouldn't you help?
Wouldn't you, you're giving 10% of your paycheck to the church.
Why isn't the church full of homeless people during the other six days?
It's not being used.
Why, why it doesn't pay taxes.
Why can't you, why is really, can't you give some of this money so we can all have affordable
because everybody gets sick.
Everybody dies.
Nobody wants to have their loved ones.
What is it?
Shouldn't you be going?
Yes.
Take all of our money.
The least popular thing Jesus ever said was sell all your stuff and follow me.
Yeah.
Give it to the poor.
No one likes talking about that.
No, no, no.
Because they don't want to give up their fucking birds.
Right.
Neither did the rich man.
He went away sad at the same time.
He went away sad because, ah, that, I mean, I, I, I can't do it.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not killing anybody and I don't, I don't, I don't know.
You know, I said, wouldn't it be nice to have a third Testament where it's a, or, or like
a, or like a two point five where it's like, it's, it's, it's like, hey, uh, I gotta, because
I, I, I've stood in a microphone and said, hey, I think capitalism might be the root
of a lot of our problems that we're having.
Like the idea that everything has a price seems to keep trickling sideways over into
these stories you scratch your heads about where the cost of a bullet is less than the
cost of killing a black child.
Yeah.
Like, like, hasn't capitalism and its heart doesn't, it ends up getting us here.
And then, you know, like, like, like the Reddit the next day, like, well, if you hate capitalism
so much, wouldn't we know that you meant that by you giving your house away and eating
your own foot, I don't, I, what I would like is for a guy to come up to Jesus in the New
Testament and say, hey, listen, uh, must be nice, son of God, hey, I never said I was
the son of God.
Yeah.
I heard that's your shtick.
I'm not, I don't know.
You do keep saying that you're, you do keep saying.
That's what you said.
I never said that.
But you are living a very rarefied life right now, uh, uh, yes, I am.
But you know, uh, I just do what I do.
Okay.
So I do what I do.
That's what my teacher said.
And the whole New Testament is why it's an inspiring story is because it's like, what
if you woke up the next day and you just fucking did that?
What if you just calls it like you see it, walk around and the answer is, according to
that book, some people will come up to you and say, but I'm a police officer.
What would you want me to do?
And you would say, Hey man, what's police?
What's an officer?
And he would like drop his spear and like, and like freak out and I'm not making fun
of it.
Like I, I, I, what, if that's not the thing that's going to change shit, what is, by the
way, encountering some dude who fucking blows your mind and there's, you know, why can't
the answer be, I don't know.
I have, I've worked my whole life.
I've been told my whole life.
So, uh, so you're saying like from the, from the New Christ, yeah, why can't the answer
be, Hey man, I'm not sure.
I don't know.
I'm just trying to get by like everybody else.
And the answer is because it would be a decentralized, non hierarchical, like modern compliant myth
about all of you instead of a protagonist in the story, who's some dude that we're supposed
to like be like.
And if we're not like him, then we fucked up like that it's just a story as it was originally
intended.
I would believe about what if you, what if you just, what if, if you give a mouse a cookie,
just the millennials that, you know, all right, no, let's not get off on that.
Like this idea, like, like, you know what happens if you wake up one day and you start
causing it, like you seize it, you only live to about 33 and then they nail you to a piece
of wood.
That's like, that, that, but you get to meet, you get to meet David Bowie, uh, like, like
you, you, you, I, it beats prostate cancer.
I don't know what to tell you, Mac, like, like, who else was crucified on Golgotha?
Like what, who are these other people?
Did they snatch purses?
Were they also God Kim?
Did they, did they threaten the fate of Judea?
I don't know what I, like, like what I'm saying to you is, yes, it's true.
It's very true.
If you were to start searching your conscience before you reacted to anything ever, it's true.
Your path could be absolutely uncontrollably short.
You could end up out of work on Wednesday and under a bridge on Thursday and, uh, not
in an intervention episode and you could just like be a pile of bones in a sewer next to
Tim Curry, just as a clown floating, uh, and, and not, but not even acknowledged in the final
tally of who floats.
Oh, okay.
Well, like when Tim Curry would say they all float, he might exclude you to just to add,
I just want to make sure this is a nightmare scenario.
I don't even want your bones in Tim Curry's float catalog.
Right.
When he says they all, you'll float too.
He's not talking about you.
You'll just be, you'll be, you'll be bones.
He didn't even know.
Well, what if he's just starting out?
You know, I mean, he says, uh, you'll float too.
Oh, sorry, Timmy.
You know what?
I said earlier, you'd float too.
I meant the royal you, the second person.
We're hoping to get some others.
I got a couple of other kids.
It's like when Uncle Sam says he wants you, he doesn't want you, Timmy.
You might be, you might have flat feet.
I just started out here.
Whether you float or not depends largely on your methane content, your fear, whatever
you were afraid of.
Listen, it's raining.
I'm getting pretty wet down here.
Are you in or out?
Come on down.
You'll float.
Are you going to float?
You'll float too.
I mean that figuratively.
It's not a litigatable phrase.
You'll float too.
Yeah.
In or out.
I just, I copyright wrote the, the, the, the slogan.
I mean, what the second kid, it'll make sense, but you, can you just, uh, uh, Patrick
listener here, couldn't you have started like this and given me 90 minutes of this?
You have in the past.
Very funny this riffing about it.
If I wanted to listen to thoughts about your politic, your rambling rants about, uh, women,
I could have listened to, uh, I don't, um, yes, Paul, you, you were, you were, are you
okay?
Paul, what's the matter?
You said, you, you stopped right there.
He said you were going to listen to somebody and now you're, are you giggling or are you,
what are you doing?
You will all join me.
No, I didn't say that.
That was a dumb direction to take that.
Oh, Paul, you were doing a best.
Yeah.
No, the other podcast, I don't know.
I wanted to throw, I don't want to, uh, I could listen to another podcast.
Right.
You could.
And yet you're here.
But I paid.
You right?
I'm a, I'm a streaming subscriber.
Right.
And you're here.
Well, I expect better next week.
Well, guess what?
What, what, what, what?
You're going to get what you're going to get because it's, it's, it's, it's, this is what
you signed up for.
So you expect me to give you $5 a month in exchange to whatever happens?
Uh, that's what you signed up for.
Yeah.
Mm hmm.
Have you guys noticed how nice Spencer's shorts are?
Look at those shorts.
Oh.
Are those from Bombfell?
I don't know.
They look like they could be.
Bombfell has high quality clothes delivered directly to your.
Are you shitting me?
Is that a segue?
No, it's not.
Did you really?
No.
Oh my God.
I was like, wow, that was smooth.
All right.
I'm your dick.
I just wanted to do that.
It's a 943.
So if we were going to play D&D, we have the out that Jeff's not here.
So we don't have to play D&D and we could just wrap up.
Do you want to, do you want Kate to play D&D?
My wife?
Good question after talking about how we should respect women for 90 minutes.
She's really good at magic cards.
We don't even have it.
She's really good at magic.
I mean, I was talking to Kelly last night.
She hasn't been playing that long, if I understand, but really, really good.
She's been kicking your ass is what I've been hearing.
I'd say, I mean.
I know you were saying the other week, I want to play magic with your wife.
With your wife.
Yeah.
The next weekend, Kate is like, I'm going to play magic with Spencer.
And I was like, well, he won.
I'm not.
He won.
The ultimate magic move.
I don't play against a lot of good players.
Why is Kate the best magic player?
I don't know.
It's weird.
Usually when you teach someone to play magic, they follow a very slow progression.
And it's very frustrating to play with new magic players because they don't seem to catch
on very quick.
But she might, like Zach is the other guy who's good.
And then Ryan, we play with.
Ryan's probably the best.
But I think she might be better than Zach, which is saying something because presumably
Zach taught her to play.
It's hard to surpass a teacher that quick.
And that's your Darth Vader, which Kate is.
Right.
Yeah.
But here's the thing.
I think Kate has this almost magical ability to find stuff.
And I think it's because there's cards and it's supernatural.
Like she's better at finding like keys and things.
Well, yeah.
Absolutely.
No, no, no.
And assuming that that's supernatural.
I'll go.
This happens like five times a day.
Fuck.
I got to let the dog out or I'm gonna be late for my meeting.
I can't find my keys.
Do you want me to help you find your keys?
No.
I can find my own keys.
Kate.
Where are my keys?
Do you want me?
Yeah.
They're right here.
She always she could find anything.
She's got excellent finding skills.
When I was married to McGathey, so she's the source of this or someone else's.
But she sold.
I didn't need shells.
I didn't decide that this was a thing.
Thanks because this is like declarations of but I had heard a thing that I didn't directly
read about women being better scanners.
Visually that could have come from the pages of hustler.
I don't know.
My mom said there's male pattern blindness and that's why guys can never find things and
women can't find them.
Something about like the idea was I'm not pushing this forth and saying I believe it.
I'm saying I found this in the bamboo forest of my mind because someone put it there.
It was a thing that came up at some point.
The idea that women because I've experienced the same thing.
Yeah.
But with more than one like I like I'm like where and then they get involved and then
it's immediately very quickly.
And it's embarrassing because it's like on a shoe and you're like but that's a shoe
and the keys.
Yeah.
The idea was that this is so counter to everything that we said that women can like
take a Robocop like snapshot in a second and they see everything at once.
I bet that's got to be because that just feeds into the ideas that they're like.
It's the only woman that I've ever met that could do it to this degree.
And I think she's also it doesn't surprise me that she's good at magic cards.
So and also she plays to win.
Right.
She plays to win.
I don't like games because it's not.
I don't like competition.
I don't think it's it's fun.
I don't like I don't play to win.
I don't like losing.
I see.
I don't mind losing.
I don't have it in me to go.
I have to win.
Right.
Because I go if I lose bucket it's it's how fun is this anyway.
But Kate is more.
No.
I'm winning.
I'm trying to I like trying to win.
But I don't.
But I feel bad when if I'm playing a game like.
Like like where I feel like the other I can't win.
Because I actually feel bad for the other person.
I'm like like Cody taught me connect for it.
I was like you can't win.
I can't wait to connect for it.
But but but but I also I've won a couple of times.
That's a bad example.
Like because it keeps me just going like I'm going to fucking win.
That's what I like.
I think it's funny and fun to be like I want to win.
This is the most important thing in the world.
But only if it means that you might kind of maybe believe you have to believe in it.
Because there's some most games I'm so bad at that I can't really.
It's like who are we kidding.
I'm not going to win.
Right.
I feel like you'd be a Scrabble master.
No.
That's what a lot of people think.
That's why you're Pictionary.
Yeah.
Finally.
You're amazing at Pictionary.
No.
I fucking hate Pictionary.
And I fucking hate Pictionary.
Don't ask me to play Pictionary.
Because whenever somebody goes let's play Pictionary.
People go well Rob's on our team.
And I was like motherfucker I didn't even say I was going to play.
You didn't even ask.
You're not even looking at me.
Rob's on my team.
Go fuck yourself.
I'm going home.
Fuck off.
Seriously go fuck yourself.
But this is like a 20 year old.
The last time I talked about something you used to say all the time.
You were like how long ago was that.
Excuse me.
Is that an impression.
Yeah.
I knew what you mean.
How long ago.
So yeah.
I mean like but you're not thinking about it.
You don't really know.
About writing utensil.
You're 83 years old now.
Do you still hate Pictionary.
Yes.
Oh.
Okay.
Yeah.
Pictionary because because it's because the time limit.
You know.
And and people are shouting at you and stuff.
I want to.
If I'm going to draw something I want it to be good.
And on my terms and I don't want somebody to go.
Time's up.
What is that.
Well there's a crosshatching because of the shadows here and like that.
But I don't even know.
Couldn't you make it simpler.
I mean it's it's can you dumb it down.
Because it's it doesn't have to be good.
I just need to know what it is.
Why did you take so much time on the stem.
Just draw.
Just try to happen.
I just don't know.
It's just everybody gets all critical of you.
When I could out fucking draw anybody in this room.
Can't those both be true because.
No.
I think no one would agree that that's like an amazing Apple you're drawing.
But at the same time in the terms of the constraints of the game.
It probably is conducive to draw like a simpler Apple right.
Yes that's why I hate Pictionary.
Right.
Because it doesn't value what you value about drawing.
OK.
And so there should be a game that I could play that you don't like.
All right.
Well.
I want to play that.
I want to play.
I'm going to have to go on an airplane mode to do this.
But I really want to play the.
Are you going to turn into an airplane.
No.
I wanted to play the Dick and Morty trailer.
Oh boy.
I don't.
But you know what I should have.
I heard that his name is Rick in the.
Wait a minute.
No.
It's just the title.
Is it two dudes.
No it's like an alien chick.
I don't.
That's already like.
Well there's no way to get.
Well how would you do a record.
Two gay dudes.
Yeah.
Dick and Morty.
There's a dick inside Morty.
Dick and not Dick in.
But Morty is pretty defined by.
OK.
Illegality.
What.
Age wise Morty is pretty defined.
It'd be like if you did a Simpsons porn.
Mark Bart and Lisa.
In it.
Oh yeah.
Well I've seen that.
You've seen a porn with Bart and Lisa.
In it.
Oh yeah.
And it's depicting Bart and Lisa like.
They're aged up.
Usually.
Characters get aged up.
Oh OK.
I didn't know about that.
Because it's just a shitty.
Animated.
Yeah.
Right.
Well.
No.
You're.
You're talking about like rule 34.
Like.
No.
I'm talking about.
Porn hub.
Universes would you think.
A mad pantomime.
Well.
Paint.
Life.
Saying oh baby children.
To fuck.
Bart.
I don't have.
Edelka.
I was like that I was like like what.
A live action?
Porn.
It's like.
That's not.
If you are I don't want to Bart Simpson porn.
body paint like that's that's the office anyone want to see this well that's what I'm
You don't want to see people painted in yellow.
Body paint like that?
saying it's like they're not a cool Rick it's not it's not like cartoon Rick fucking cartoon
That's the.
Anyone to want to see this.
Well that's what I'm saying.
It's like they're not.
Morty it's like weird porn actors painted up green and such green yeah I can hate you
Kikael.
gotta get you gotta really hit it no it's not a new phone it's a new society oh okay
so I'm just gonna bring this up is that because I can't find this anywhere that if you're
watching porn on an iPad there's these new redirect ads they always are trying to take
your browser all over the place you can't watch porn anymore I can't find anything about
online is no one else like putting up against this or is no one talking about it is this
only happening to me no I well I have a porn hub premium yeah so if you're only on porn
hub is like one of it never does it but you primarily use your iPad for porn well yeah
I think most people primarily that when I worked at Apple that was like it's not you
don't want to talk about it but most of the time you're looking at no no at Apple it turns
out that everyone uses their iPad for like that's one of the main reasons people buy
iPads for porn viewing yeah to watch porn that's a weird choice because yeah not actually
that much of a but it doesn't stand up on it so no it sure doesn't I will say like like
if you're if you're just looking at photos if you the 10.5 inch iPad pro you could rub
the corner in your nipple when you look at it too much details okay too much too much
details but I just wanted to find this video I just wanted to play the audio of the somebody's
already posted it I know of course they have it's the internet I'm just saying I wanted
to I wanted I wanted you to hear it's okay maybe Steve can search I keep accidentally
subscribing to things I don't know what it's fine everyone drop their phones it's not that
bad yeah I drive are we yeah so do Rob I just he's so upset don't be a star or vamping
vamp for what do you want me to vamp about like do some talking or maybe rapping trying
to talk I don't want to rap now come on I'm playing this I'm gonna find it no you will
but we're well you guys see that's what you see Camille you see Camille and I mean really
rock that suit obviously you're I don't like him in a suit your boss needs to get this handsome
and make you uncomfortable like what do you looks like he could be the president thinking
leave me I think that's great no it's great but it's like man I know he's trying to use
like a muscle shirt were you upset we're talking we're having to cover you up I said I thought
it was funny I was trying to be funny because I thought it was funny while you guys were
talking that I was like I just thought that just whatever it played into a speaker play
it through the court you have whatever it goes fast he has it not whatever is the right way
to do it but whatever happens okay so the trailer for the Rick and a Rick and Morty porn
movie and it's not animated is people painted blue hairs we can't hear or I can't hear it
at least oh there you go okay oh so echoey oh man they're taking shots things look like
meth rocks that's unity comes through a portal that's unity comes through a portal ah I'm
a pickle take my bird looks like she's completely filled up and maybe you should take a look
in the mirror so at one point in there they cut it it goes like yeah Beth he's talking
about his daughter I didn't even need to see the visual no there's no wrong answers I don't
know where I'm torn this is one of those things it's like oh five weeks from now five months
from now five years from now you gotta go find I made it will I will I look back on these
days when I considered it an innocent honor to express it's like this is what in my this
is what I have been working for you in your whole life a community porno a Rick and Morty
porno because yeah it's a it is a milestone there is no porno version of the pamphlet
you're handing out door to door there's no porno version of the dishes you wash there's
no porno versions there is porno versions of people if you if you if you permeate if
you infiltrate the collective unconscious to a certain degree and no it's not that much
it's not a sign of bravery or nobility or goodness it's simply a really clear milestone
that like that like the idea of a porno version of a thing that you created well it's the
reason that it's like it's like what we would always talk about with just like what you know
creating icons and things like that is like if somebody could make a Halloween costume
of your character you know it's very simple you know you've got like these very simple
shapes you know blue hair spiky drool lab coat you're Rick okay and Morty short yellow
hair oh geez yeah now make them fuck you got a porno right the easier it is the more likely
it's gonna happen of course it needs to be popular to there's also kind of flattery it's
like if you're if you're a kid in high school it just it just means you decided like you
want I want to be the kid that puts on like I'm gonna get these big thick rimmed eyeglasses
right and you're at the stein optical and if that exists and you get them and then you're
wearing them you're like man a lot of people are giving me shit because now I'm the person
that has like manhole covers on their face I got these big giant glasses but then the
day that like you fantasize about if you're fantasizing about popularity or cultural like
efficacy is like that that you know you're it's like so and so for class president and
the and the drawing of your logo silhouette thing is like there's this big giant pair
of glasses it's like I did it there's some kind of like local boy makes good like I'm
in your I'm in your sex now yeah like I did like I was I was watching Mr. Rogers on your
TV and then I went out to Los Angeles and I made a thing and I hit the bell and I got
the cookie and it came all the way back around that it's like you're masturbating to it now
yeah or it's like yeah it's being it's yeah I guess it's just it's just a like it's cool
it's deeply deeply in ground yeah embedded in me but I definitely will like like a couple
years from now I expect to learn that there's some reason that I'm not looking at why that's
like somehow like as I'm recording that going like I'm so stoked about this this is so great
how can this be wrong for anybody isn't this great if you don't like it don't watch it
wow it's amazing and I'll be looking at myself saying that oh you dummy you didn't know
but that's good that's good that you're not like oh years from now I'm going to be thinking
of the exact same thing I'm thinking now that I mean like that's what I'm saying like hopefully
you're changing like there's a theme to this episode aside from you said it's it's forgive
yeah forgive the ignorant so that yeah and and and and be and admit your ignorance yeah
don't get into an argument to win get into a discussion to understand like when you're
in these Twitter arguments don't try to bury the other person and and if you if the person
starts making you like realize oh yeah maybe what I was thinking was wrong be the bigger
person and say yeah I guess you're right well I don't know about you but every time the other
person says that I'm always like I'm always like all right got it like with few exceptions
was the person like revved me up so much that I'm like well next time don't fuck around
but mostly when so as soon as somebody goes like you know what I don't know what the fuck
I'm talking about like I don't you know it kind of like drains the whole thing but anyway
but I mean I think that I think that's a natural thing because when you get into these arguments
you want to bury the other person finish eyes being right and it doesn't make sense because
we're dumb people and not knowing shit is means that we're about to learn something
and we think that that means we're about to have something taken from us and I'm speaking
for myself and saying yeah that that if you're wrong you're dumb and no one wants to be called
dumb but but what if you were smart now we just learned that you can be dumb and you
could become in charge of all the nuclear weapons right like so no one's saying being
dumb is bad you could not know shit and like run the world in fact you do so now everybody
let's be dumb which means you don't already know what the fuck is going on so now you
can be like sorry I don't understand I sorry about that I don't get it I'm I'm I don't
know anything that I'm talking about you said Steinhoffels before do you guys know I said
lens crafters but no you said Steinhoffel well you did not say that you said you said Steinhoffel
let's see if you can admit you're wrong that you okay you never said Steinhoffels tonight
I don't I don't think I did I think I said lens crafters did I say Steinhoffel it's on
the or maybe I said okay I find out but anyway that's not my point tweet it Rob my my point
is that's what I was gonna ask is that a Milwaukee that I said lens crafters Steinhoffel Steinhoffels
and lens crafters were the two places you could buy glasses in Robin and my eyes hometown
yeah Steinhoffel I thought I said one he thinks I said the other I guess you know what else
was in our hometown and this is like on my curve at low this is a wonderful world of
camera this is the best song ever and when I'm dead when I die at my funeral even though
I'm gonna be cremated if you're gonna put me if you're gonna you know like Walter me
and throw my ashes you know I'll unto the I want you to play this song while I'm well
well well whatever you do it's a good song it's a world of cameras a world of film it's
a world when you can be whatever you I can't find the extended version online so use your
gremlins to go out there and find it because I would kill for the full microvelo I didn't
know I was undercutting that I I was I thought I was making my own joke I didn't know you
were gonna load that up on your phone well you teed me up because you sang the song and
you're it's your show I didn't know for those listening I didn't know he was gonna pull
that song out I'm just I'm just saying when I'm dead you know at the funeral which you
know if you can make it make sure that that song plays you know just to send them home
that's what I want I'm gonna okay well I hope Kate's keeping track cuz is it we're recording
it too by the way is that in your living will it's not in my living will I mean my ashes
are gonna be planted under a tree do you have the tree picked out no are you gonna do one
of those life's life's pod things I'm thinking about doing that I'm thinking about because
I think that would be better than cuz I saw Neil Neil deGrasse is like said I'm not gonna
get cremated because you're just you're taking all your energy and you're dispelleted into
the solar system and they don't need that what we want to do is bury ourselves into
the ground man you know and give it to get energy back be a part of the world yeah but
and this is so ill timed but I this is literally coming in over the facts I guess he hit he
hits women I'm kidding okay all right all right sorry I thought it was true all right
yeah it's a tough time you say that's why I guess that was my quote unquote John was
like I must have missed that headline how would you know like yeah I don't think that's
true no no it's not true it's not true it was a joke I don't know why you we don't know
if it's not the evidence not it's like milkshake duck I don't know he's trying to make a joke
milkshake duck yeah it turns out he's racist who's milkshake duck all right we don't have
this milkshake duck I don't know we didn't do and that's probably for the best what did
we learn yeah you don't want to talk to my wife why why would you like what do you mean
what I don't know I said hey can I bring Kate along and you said absolutely and an exclamation
point which is rare oh I didn't you I said because it's fine I mean I thought I didn't
know you were taught we I didn't know it's fine it's fine on microphone I don't know
we were talking about women's point of view it would have been great to have I didn't perceive
that as I know we were having that misunderstanding I literally thought you meant because I was
like popping in here to do this thing and then you thought you literally meant can you
bring your wife with you as opposed to not being allowed to bring her with you like
to come record the thing not can I bring her on the podcast because then when someone had
asked should Levy be sitting in this chair the entire time I would have said no let's
put Kate in that chair because I made an agreement you swap people out and have people I don't
know I'm not I don't I'm not telling you how to run your show I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm giving
light to the entire misunderstanding and I get it I get it I didn't I figured I I was
like we're either gonna have a woman on here that we're gonna all like a sale with like
points of view and questions or it's gonna be like dudes like talking about like our
stake in it and to each other about it which and that I and to that end I had texted like
for instance Emily Gordon on a Hail Mary because I thought she'd be like whatever and she was
like yeah I'm I'm out of town it's like I'm plus where is she the New York why Camille
was on it hosted SNL right went what day was that Saturday night live now sorry if anybody
I'm sure Kate wasn't like all gussied up and ready to go but they also feel bad if anybody
thought I didn't I didn't mean to create that misunderstanding no no I it's fine I mean it's
your show I mean I mean like you know maybe apologize to Kate boy okay all right our cake
could apologize Spencer can I practice his ass magic cards yeah we could get an apology
because she kind of decked right we draft oh nice sorry sorry sorry Kate and an apology
is an acknowledgement this is what you said when you married us to sorry Kate I'm sorry
I have to do this to you I know I was I didn't I didn't think it through that what Rob was
saying when he said can Kate come was that it makes sense to me now that's like yeah
of course you're gonna be spending two hours apart from Rob I was in robbing Rob from their
evening and I'm thinking like oh yeah he's asking she would come and watch through a piece
of glass she would love to watch me be an idiot well I mean I don't know I was I was pretty
sedate I mean if you that truly is how I how I interpreted it I get it well she can that's
what my girlfriend has to do yeah like as watch me through a piece of glass suck his
own balls for an hour or two hours anyways the but but we didn't play D&D I'm sorry Kate
I'm sorry to here's some other people I'm sorry to Linda Sheen Buckner fourth grade
you played a little orphan Annie in my grade school's production of Annie I don't know
I decided I wanted to marry you I was told that's what love was you you what I should
have I should have looked at it like you're you're a good singer I shouldn't have been
like but I didn't I didn't approach you but going I I'm sorry to all my ex-girlfriends
like every time I'm sure when I'm like both in terms of the asking you out and breaking
up like like in every step of the way like I've always been like I don't know I'm just
doing a lot of reviewing and I think that I've I think I've been a bad bad person because
I think that I have thought of women differently I think I think the same thing about me and
I think it's it's good to acknowledge and move forward because every little piece of
us we're all pallbearers of the same coffin and then just because there's like one dude
that's like oh this guy climbed the Empire State Building and came into a airplane and
the airplane flew into the fucking Radio City Music Hall what a spectacle let's make sure
that never happens again well there's something yeah that's it that I beat that that's why
I'm saying I'm sorry like I I don't have like dramatic confessions to make I have like a
like a lifetime of stuff to acknowledge and kind of like try to neurologically remap moving
forward where I'm like this person's on my team this person is for instance my lover
they're not that has nothing to do with like what their role is in the cosmos like they're
my lover they're my partner this person is my worker like like like if they make this
for me they do that like I they I just like I think I've been thinking about and identifying
people as shit for a while try to get over it I'll try to do it right I don't I'm just
gonna do it wrong though and then I'm just gonna die I'm 44 I'm almost 65 which is when
everybody dies that did anything yeah yeah well we don't have a way to end the show when
stuff's not here like give me a beat yo I'm rapping it I'm just kidding don't don't give
anybody a beat cameras yeah micro vellows world is a wonderful world of camera roll the credits
while you're rapping about photographic jingles these are the credits all right now thank thank
you Kris Boruff Sarah Hill who's who's who's who do we think now that we're moved over
here Kate Freund we should thank and apologize get the dog out of here get the dog out of
here I'm sorry close the door I'm not good at eye contact I don't know I'm gonna apologize
to Kate in my own way over the next 11 years it'll be bits and pieces here and there I'll
go get really drunk and I'll go sorry that's all right it's all right it's okay do you
want to hear the banjo I'm like all right you're good at it and I'll cry sorry Cody
sorry Frank Cravello brother brother it said in a song Mike Cravello sorry Spencer sorry
Steve the world will end sorry sorry sorry subscribers three days 24 seconds sorry podcast
listeners my name is Frank sorry sorry Rose McGowan sorry her name is McGowan the world
will end in three days seven seconds and 14 hours not necessarily in that order sorry
America sorry sorry time travel sorry what happened to your eye you shot me when I ran
over to the girl accidentally my clown friend how do we how do we how do we what does it
look like when you end these we don't know right do we just cut the feed you dissolve
we end it by you using your telepathy to make the jet engine go back to the universe supposed
to be I gotta close the loop close the loop like a looper and then stay home and don't
know let me finish let me finish and then did you get any of that
it's a good show